To the first question, due diligence is a must. Even if collectors are allowed to continue litigation (which I do not see going away,) there must be a penalty for the collector if false claim is made. If a collector starts litigation and it is found to be against the wrong person, compensation and additional penalty should be paid by the entity initiating the litigation in the form of a reasonable fee to the victim and an additional (and substantial) fee to the governing authority to help cover oversight expenses. To the second question, I believe an overwhelmingly large portion of consumer debt can be repaid. However, there are always going to be exceptions to this. In cases where debt can not be collected for whatever reason, it should be written off as truly not collectable and no not be allow to be sold again as debt to be collected. Fine tuning and definitions of "Not Collectable" will have to be worked out by the appropriate oversight bureau or agency. To the third question, both party's must be measured. There are currently established credit reporting agencies to monitor the consumer side of this issue and an additional, numerical evaluation score can be added to the consumer's already established credit report. That would be a starting point that can be expanded on as the system is fine tuned. The collector, on the other hand, would require a new measuring system that would not only score the company as a whole, but the individuals taking part in any debt resolution activities. For successful examples of such a system I would direct you to the Department of Transportation, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration and their Compliance-Safety-Accountability system. Admittedly, their system is much more complex and dives much deeper than would be required for the debt industry. However, their point system is valid and flexible for future change. It would also allow for measurement of the initial creditor. Such measurement would give the government and investors a better idea of a given business' risk level. Add to this mix, the recommendations from Mr. Bartmann and you have a system whereby collectors and financial institutions will better regulate themselves to achieve an ethical and responsible outcome and not hide behind the "what I did was legal" defense. It would be a Win-Win for both sides and bring many consumers out of the debt death spiral. Lastly, the federal government could implement this system with a minimal impact on state autonomy. It would reduce the number of litigation in state and local courts, thereby motivating the states to take part.