I agree that this is about Financial Literacy, However, this is also about the court's enforcing completely one sided credit card adhesion agreements that don't give the debtor/defaulter, rights of any kind, even in the most humanitarian of situations, thereby calling into question the legality of these one sided credit card adhesion agreements. Lets not forget that it was the comptroller of the currency back in 2002 that prevented the Insurance industry from competing in the credit card debt suspension insurance arena with the credit card companies. This allowed the credit card companies to then have an obscene monopoly on overpriced credit card debt suspension insurance premiums they charged their own customers who otherwise could have carried insurance policies that would have frozen interest rate charges for a certain period of time when a life changing emergency occurred. Financial literacy is in play when it comes to the 2% monthly minimum payment addiction scam perpetrated on first time credit card borrowers. 2% monthly minimum payments are literally no different than a crack dealer giving out a few free hits of crack to get people hooked on their product. A person can be buy a $1,000 top of the line television set and only have a 20 or 25 dollar payment due the next month. That's credit card crack in my opinion. Financial Literacy could be a warning printed in bold letters on every credit card agreement warning how credit cards purposely have low monthly minimum payments to lure one into more and more debt, how credit card companies have no compassion for life changing events, and that credit card companies are overcharging for credit card debt suspension insurance by a factor of up to 2,000%. Put those three warnings on every agreement in bold letters,  and two things happen, customers have a better chance of becoming financially literate,  and it also is an admission of fraud by the credit card companies for all the prior agreements already in place. So the irony is the credit card companies can't change even if they wanted to. But where is the outside force to come from to make the obvious happen in regards to those three credit card wanrings? Apparently it can't come from the CFPB,  which is unfortunate  because it turn this ties the courts hands that much more.