I am currently going through a miserable experience with a creditor and debt collector. In 2004 I completed my college education and consolidated all of my student loans through Nelnet. In 2005 (or so) I started to get calls from debt collectors stating that I was delinquent on my loan repayment. I explained the situation, that I had made all of my timely payments through Nelnet and, before I would pay anything else, I would need to see some proof of the debt. I never received any proof of the debt  and this conversation reoccurred several times for the next five years. In 2011 I wanted to buy my (wife"s) dream home. It was a significant purchase  and the bankers I talked with indicated I needed to clear up the student loan issue to be approved. I reached out to the original creditor and the debt collector and begged for some proof of the loan. They then provided me with a loan application (nothing to indicate that the application was approved or that any funds were ever dispersed to me). While I was not comfortable with the proof,  I knew that fighting it out in court would take longer than I was willing to take. So, I was very purposeful in my conversations with the original creditor and the debt collector to make sure that the issue would be cleared on my credit report if I paid the full value of the (alleged) loan. I also recorded the conversations I had with the original creditor and the debt collector. I paid the original loan amount  and (if you didn't see this coming) the original creditor refused to update my credit report. And, even after providing the credit reporting agencies with proof that the debt was paid, they also refused to update my credit report. To make matters worse, after the debt was paid, I received a notice from the debt collector that several thousands of dollars had been excused. I immediately contacted the debt collector and requested documentation that would support their amount due, including documentation where I agreed to a specific interest rate. No response from the debt collector. So, I am now arguing it out with the IRS regarding any additional taxes that may be due. And, even though I paid the debt two years ago, my credit report has not yet been updated. It is simply ridiculous than any business would have this much power to have such a negative impact on an individual without any documentation to back it up. Any creditor should be required to provide certain documentation prior to making a negative credit reporting and there should be significant consequences for any creditor/debt collector that pursues a debt without having the required documentation.