During the past 2 years I have been repeatedly contacted by a variety of collection agencies. It began innocently enough, when one of them called me, asking "when can we expect your payment," when that statement had not yet arrived and was not due until the 20th of the month and the call occurred on the 11th. It was a collection agency hired by Capital One. Coincidentally, I purchased various items at Costco a few days later and received the shock of my little life when my credit card was denied. I called Capital One from a phone at Costco and was told I had not made my payment... this was even stranger because I pay off my balance each month. What I didn't know is that Costco switched from a very nice bank (HSBC) to Capital One, never notified me  and Capital One immediately played hardball, albeit unnecessarily. To answer their strong-arm tactics, I wrote a letter to Robert Crawford, the incoming CFO of Capital One, in which I had cut up both credit cards and told him to "shove it," for treating a long-time customer like something you scrape off the shoe! When the collection calls began, I was in a great mood after all, I had initiated this mess. However, they were unfaird from the beginning. They use I.V.R. numbers. Without technical jargon, it means that the number we see on caller i.d. is never the number from which they're calling,  so you can't block their call my provider allows me to block 12 numbers  and I wondered how these collection agencies were constantly squeaking by). They robodial,  so you can and do get several calls per day and before 8:00 AM and after 9:00 PM, since they know there is very little you can do about the early or late calls, besides whine That said, what followed was even worse.... the collection agency (Portfolio Recovery) which was able to place a bogus $9,924 "collection" on my Experian credit score, which I saw because Target offered me 1-year free credit monitoring, which, by the way, isn't free if you want to see your complete profile... they have no paperwork to substantiate this charge  and it has completely ruined my credit, pulling down my FICO from 795 - 810 to 610! To me, having collection agency CEO's boiled in oil seems like an act of mercy!