Possibly the most egregious action of all regarding credit card debt occurred in 2002, suspiciously close to the 911 aftermath. While insurance companies were paying out tens of millions of dollars to building owners who suffered damage because of 911  (which technically they should not have done  since this was an act of war which is NOT covered by most insurance plans),  the comptroller of the currency was DENYING insurance companies from competing with credit card companies in the credit card debt suspension insurance arena. The result was a credit card debt suspension insurance monopoly for the credit card companies with premiums that were overpriced by a factor of 1000% to 2000% The profit margin was so high for credit card debt suspension insurance that the CFPB actually had to fine the credit card companies OVER 500 MILLION DOLLARS in the summer of 2012 for overly aggressive credit card debt suspension insurance sales and marketing practices. I had warned about overpriced credit card debt suspension insurance back in 2008 with the creation of __URL__ but was never compensated for my efforts. It meant that MOST credit card defaults in the United States over the last 10 to 15 years were based on a fraudulent foundation of obscenely over priced credit card debt suspension insurance that consumers could not afford to keep purchasing. Consumers were literally paying for 5 years worth of credit card debt suspension insurance but only receiving 3-5 months worth of coverage! Most of the times that a judge was declaring a credit card default, they were propping up the overpricing of a monopolistic credit card debt suspension insurance policy that did not fairly give consumers the most obvious way to protect themselves from a default that was caused by life changing event We could literally fix the U.S. economy almost overnight by doing the right thing. First acknowledge credit card debt suspension insurance fraud that the credit card companies have perpetrated on the american people over the past 10 to 15 years  and as retribution reduce all consumer credit card debt by approximately 65%. Then raise the monthly minimum payment on the remaining 35% from 2% to 5%  so the monthly payment remains roughly the same but consumers feel their debt more easily going forward. The comptroller of the currency tried to get credit card companies to raise their monthly minimum payment requirements from 2% to 4 or 5% back around 2005 but relented when it became obvious too many people would default. By reducing consumer credit card debt by 65% as a form of reparations for debt suspension insurance fraud consumers suddenly have a lot less debt BUT still have to make a similar monthly payments. However MORE of that monthly payment goes towards paying down the actual debt rather than the cesspool known as ever expanding interest rate charges.