I would like to see a rule prohibiting debt collectors, debt owners/debt buyers, and other related affiliates from being able to pull a debtor"s credit report once the debt is officially time-barred and out of SOL. I would also like there to be a rule that specifically distinguishes between a "hard pull" and a "soft pull" credit inquiry. I have been opted out of promotional marketing via the __URL__ website for years. I do not have debt and have never had debt. What I do have is a common name,  and so from time to time I will have various debt collectors and debt buyers "soft pulling" my credit reports while they are trying to locate whomever they are trying to locate. This should not be allowed even if the debt is still collectable and within the SOL. No debt collector has a "permissible purpose" to just randomly "soft pull" my credit reports just because I have a common name. As far as being outside the SOL and time-barred debts: no debt collector and debt owners/debt buyers should be allowed to pull someone"s credit report  since they can't legally sue the debtor outside of the SOL. So there is no need to continue pulling someone"s credit report. As far as the "hard pull" "soft pull" is concerned: There needs to be specific language that prohibits any debt collectors, debt owners/debt buyers, and other related affiliates from performing "hard pull" credit report inquiries. The FCRA makes it clear what "permissible purposes" are  but it does not specifically state or distinguish between a "hard pull" and a "soft pull" credit inquiry. A "hard pull" is a consumer-initiated request for an extension of credit. Anything other than a consumer-initiated request is a "soft pull." But time and time again, I have friends, family members, and online forum members, tell me and show me that a debt collector or a debt owner/debt buyer has "hard pulled" their credit report. And some of these times are when the debt is time-barred from being outside the SOL and also from the Credit Reporting Time Period. This is unacceptable. A "hard pull" will decrease a consumers credit score and will be visible for up to 25 months to anyone who does have a legitimate permissible purpose to view that consumer"s credit report Making a "hard pull" on a debtor"s credit report could be a violation of the FDCPA in the privacy of the debtor. Any debt collectors, debt owners/debt buyers, and other related affiliates should be prohibited from doing "hard pulls"  and the CFPB should make it absolutely clear. www.optoutprescreen.com __URL__