As a college grad since 1979 and a first-time homebuyer, I have found widespread violations of the FDCPA among the creditors and their outsourced private collections agencies. I've also found and been a victim of deception in the debt collection practice observing poor record keeping on the part of all parties. We must first examine debt collection from a derivative and forensic viewpoint; corporate finance, federally/state funded institutions and their debt obligations. GAAP allows for the write-off of old debts. Yet and still the creditors outsource collection agencies to collect debts the creditor has written off of their balance sheet. The debtor is always subject to the debt because the collection agency takes a percentage Then comes the finance charge (interest) and late payment charges. In essence, the original debt remains the same because the debtor is only paying commission, interest and late charges. I attended a Texas private college (state funded) that lost its accreditation for mismanagement of funds. My financial aid consisted of the BEOG, NDSL, Stafford Loan and the Merit Scholarship. The school policy was to clear the balance of my bill before my grades were released. Each grade period, whatever the balance was, my Mom used the funds she had left from our Social Security Income (father deceased 1972) after paying monthly expenses to send to me for my grades to be released. After my marriage, the Dept of Ed (Higher Ed) offset two years of joint tax returns, private collection agencies constantly called. When I was employed, I voluntarily paid $50/mo. for two years on this debt of which the principle was $4,650. Even after over 30 yrs., the debt was recorded as a Federal Abstract of Judgement at the county registrar (filed by private attorneys) as if I still owe the debt. I wasn't properly served. The process server (whomever it was) left a large manila envelope. Now the debt has been turned over to the Dept. of Justice in the State of Michigan. My point is that there is a widespread conflict of interest among the creditor and those outsourced by the creditor for debt collection. Most, if not all of these organizations are operated by taxpayer funding. The taxpayers are the ultimate creditors.